# Annual_Tea_Yield_Predictor

This is a Regression Model made on Real Life Data Collected from Local Tea Gardens. It gives Output Of the Annual Tea Yield Based on different Factors.

The Project log Consists of Following Files :

**1,2) Whatsapp Images :** This is the real Data Collected from Tea Estate named **SUBHAA TEA GARDENS, Kailashahar, Tripura**. 1st image consists Of Target variable data and 2nd Image is of Input Variables.

**3) tea_data.xlsx :** This is the excel file generated by extracting all the handwritten data into a digital format. This is a raw file which requires further filtering

**4) Data_preprocessing_and_visualization :** python code for processing the unfiltered data. It consists of several important aspects such as **data visualizations, Feature engineering etc** 

**5) process_tea_data.csv :** The filtered data obtained after processing the raw data. All of its features are scaled for better model generalization

**6) Tea_Model_Training :** The code for Training and Testing the Model (Linear Regression) on the filtered dataset. Finally the prepared model was saved locally using joblib

**Tea_output_model.pkl** is the model file saved locally and **standard_scaler.pkl** is the saved format of original scaler used on training data

**7) Setting_up_the_UI_for_tea_model :** The code for Setting Up the UI environment for the model to be implemented in. Gives a temporary weblink to access the model webpage on running.

The implemented model used ensemble techniques for better generalization and gave a **99.99 accuracy score** on test data. This model can be accessed by storing the **Tea_output_model.pkl** and **standard_scaler.pkl** on your local directory and running the **Setting_up_the_UI_for_tea_model** in the same directory locally.
